RESUME SAMPLES
Preparing an effective resume is a difficult and time-consuming task. This handout
contains resume examples that will help you get started. Different formats and styles
are used to illustrate the various suggestions and tips contained in the handout,
"Preparing Your Resume," also available through the Bellevue University Career Services
Center.
Remember, these are intended to serve only as examples. You should modify or change
as appropriate to customize your resume according to your skills, experience, education,
and the job you’re applying.
For additional guidance or assistance, contact the Career Services Center at
(402) 557-7423, (800) 756-7920 ext. 7423 or careerservices@bellevue.edu.

A Word of Caution: Please don’t be tempted to use one of the
Resume Wizards or Templates that are available online or
included in many word processing programs. They can be difficult
to work with, don’t allow you to present yourself in the best
possible light—and employers can identify them easily. Instead,
create your resume as a simple document in MS Word, like the
examples included in this handout.

Revision: June 2015

FUNCTIONAL (EXPERIENCED)
IM A. SAMPLE I
1234 North 55 Street
Bellevue, Nebraska 68005
(402) 292-2345
imasample1@xxx.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Exceptionally well organized and resourceful Professional with more than six years experience and a
solid academic background in accounting and financial management; excellent analytical and problem
solving skills; able to handle multiple projects while producing high quality work in a fast-paced,
deadline-oriented environment.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Bellevue University, Bellevue, NE (In Progress)
Major: Accounting
Minor: Computer Information Systems
Expected Graduation Date: January, 20xx
GPA to date: 3.95/4.00

PROFESSIONAL ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Accounting and Financial Management
 Developed and maintained accounting records for up to fifty bank accounts.
 Formulated monthly and year-end financial statements and generated various payroll records,
including federal and state payroll reports, annual tax reports, W-2 and 1099 forms, etc.
 Tested accuracy of account balances and prepared supporting documentation for submission during a
comprehensive three-year audit of financial operations.
 Formulated intricate pro-forma budgets.
 Calculated and implemented depreciation/amortization schedules.
Information Systems Analysis and Problem Solving
 Converted manual to computerized accounting systems for two organizations.
 Analyzed and successfully reprogrammed software to meet customer requirements.
 Researched and corrected problems to assure effective operation of newly computerized systems.
WORK HISTORY
Student Intern, Financial Accounting Development Program, Mutual of Omaha, Omaha, NE
(Summer 20xx)
Accounting Coordinator, Nebraska Special Olympics, Omaha, NE (20xx-20xx)
Bookkeeper, SMC, Inc., Omaha, NE (20xx – 20xx)
Bookkeeper, First United Methodist Church, Altus, OK (20xx – 20xx)

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATION
Member, IMA, Bellevue University Student Chapter

COMPUTER SKILLS



Proficient in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), QuickBooks
Basic Knowledge of MS Access, SQL, Visual Basic, C++

CHRONOLOGICAL (INTERNSHIP)
IM A. SAMPLE II

4321 South 55 Street
Bellevue, Nebraska 68005
(402) 291-5432
imasample2@xxx.com

OBJECTIVE: Internship or Part-time Position in Marketing, Public Relations or related
field utilizing strong academic background and excellent communication skills
EDUCATION:

WORK
HISTORY:

COMMUNITY
SERVICE:

BS in Business Administration with Marketing Emphasis
Bellevue University, Bellevue, NE
 Expected Graduation Date: June, 20xx
 GPA to date: 3.56/4.00
Relevant Coursework
Principles of Marketing
Business Communication
Internet Marketing
Consumer Behavior
Public Relations
Business Policy & Stretegy
Aacademic Tutor (20xx to present)
Bellevue University, Bellevue, NE
 Assist college students in overcoming deficiencies and
successfully mastering academic coursework.
Senior Accounts Receivable Clerk (20xx-20xx)
Lincoln Financial Group, Omaha, NE
 Researched story ideas, wrote articles and participated in the
publication of a weekly in-house newsletter.
 Assisted customers and staff members in resolving problems and
balancing accounts; trained new staff members.
 Managed and recorded daily accounts receivable deposits of up to
$450,000.
 Conducted extensive research to recover lost checks and organized
system to stop payment and replace all checks.
Advertising Coordinator, The Vue (20xx to present)
Bellevue University Student Newspaper
Volunteer, Publicity Committee (20xx, 20xx)
Brushup Nebraska Paint-A-Thon

ADDED VALUE:

Language Skills: Bilingual (English/Spanish)
Computer Skills: MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), PhotoShop

REFERENCES:

Available Upon Request

CHRONOLOGICAL
IM A. SAMPLE III
3456 Westview Road
Bellevue, Nebraska 68005

(402) 291-5678
imasample3@xxx.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Experienced business professional with a solid academic background and a demonstrated
commitment to providing high quality customer service; described as a "take charge" person with
exceptional communication and human relations skills; proficient in the use of MS Office (Word,
Excel, PowerPoint) with basic knowledge of PeopleSoft.
EDUCATION
Bellevue University, Bellevue, NE (June 20xx)
Bachelor of Science in Management of Human Resources
 GPA in major: 3.84/4.00
Graduated with distinction

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
West Telemarketing, Omaha, NE (20xx to Present)
Customer Service Supervisor (20xx to present)
 Supervise operations and staff in a 20-person inbound telemarketing unit, including
hiring, training and evaluating employees, preparing and administering annual
budgets, developing business plans, etc.
 Assess level of customer satisfaction and resolve sensitive and complex issues raised
by customers; provide additional training and take other action as required to
maintain a high level of customer satisfaction.
Customer Service Representative (20xx-20xx)
 Handled incoming calls from customers and potential customers, provided
information and received orders using CRT to input data.
 Interviewed customers and recommended other available products to meet their
needs; received several Incentive Awards for sales efforts.
 Provided orientation and training to new staff members.

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS AND ACTIVITIES
Member, Society for Human Resources Management (SHRM) (20xx to 20xx)
Bellevue University Student Chapter
 Chair, Program Development Committee (20xx)
President, American Business Women's Association, Gold Star Chapter (20xx)
REFERENCES FURNISHED UPON REQUEST

FUNCTIONAL
IM A. SAMPLE IV
987 Northridge Drive
Omaha, Nebraska 68123
(402) 543-1234
imasample4@xxx.com
OBJECTIVE: Position in market research or financial analysis where strong technical skills,
mathematical/statistical background and problem solving abilities can be applied towards
the successful achievement of business goals and objectives
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE



Exceptionally well organized, resourceful and highly motivated with the ability to handle
multiple projects and produce timely, high quality work.
Strong analytical and human relations skills; especially effective in helping customers
and associates resolve issues and concerns.

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
Analysis and Problem Solving
 Researched and developed a survey instrument, subsequently used to obtain information
from customers regarding their satisfaction with products purchased.
 Compiled and analyzed statistical data to identify potential target markets for future sales
and marketing efforts.
 Completed independent research project on the use of mathematical/statistical models as
tools for solving various business problems.
 Conducted quality control inspections, analyzed results and developed action plans to
address areas of concern.
Communications and Customer Relations
 Received Customer Service Satisfaction Award for high quality of services provided to
both vendors and customers.
 Handled customer inquiries and sales; effectively represented company to vendors and
prospective customers, resulting in a 15% increase in sales in just six months.
 Provided orientation, training and guidance to new employees.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Bellevue University, Bellevue, NE (June, 20xx)
Major: Computer Information Systems in Business
Minor: Mathematics
Graduated summa cum laude
GPA: 3.98/4.00
TECHNICAL SKILLS



Java, PERL, ASP, PHP Scripting, Relational Databases, SQL
Inferential Statistics, Data Analysis, Calculus & Mathematical Analysis, SPSS

WORK EXPERIENCE
Intern-Market Research, Mutual of Omaha, Omaha, NE (Fall Semester, 20xx)
Sales Associate & Machinist Assistant, Precision Tool, Omaha, NE (20xx to present)

FUNCTIONAL (MILITARY)
IM A. SAMPLE V

987 Northridge Drive
Omaha, Nebraska 68123
(402) 543-1234
imasample5@xxx.com

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Self-motivated, resourceful and dynamic leader with extensive experience and a strong
educational background in management, training and employee development; exceptional
communication skills and a demonstrated ability to create and manage cohesive, productive work
teams; proficient in the use of Microsoft Word, Excel and other software applications.

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Management and Administration
 Directed, guided and motivated a workforce of up to 300 individuals with diverse technical
backgrounds and experiences.
 Successfully improved work performance of a “marginal” work team, as evidenced by an
increase to a “satisfactory” performance rating after only six months as team leader.
 Provided day-to-day supervision for an administrative staff of up to sixty employees.
 Planned, designed and coordinated the programming of computer-based products; designed
and coordinated computer system testing in facilities throughout the world.
 Planned, developed and administered annual budgets ranging from $150,000 to $300,000.
Training and Development
 Taught college level courses in leadership, management, team building, effective writing and
speech communications.
 Certified as Master Instructor; designed and developed curriculum; selected, trained and
evaluated other instructors.
 Advised and educated personnel on ways to enhance and strengthen their promotability and
job performance; identified and documented career development plans for employees.
 Provided on-the-job training and guidance for new employees.
Communication and Counseling
 Conducted formal investigations and utilized a variety of counseling techniques and
strategies to successfully resolve highly complex and sensitive issues involving domestic
abuse, racial discrimination, minor law infractions and academic failures.
 Worked one-on-one with customers and employees to enhance self esteem and resolve
communication problems.
 Marketed and promoted company programs to employees and the general public through a
variety of activities including presentations to audiences of over 1000 people.
 Established and maintained effective working relationships with co-workers, superiors and
subordinates to facilitate the achievement of business objectives.
CONTINUED . . . . . . . . . . .

IM A. SAMPLE V

Page Two

EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Bachelor of Science in Management (20xx)
Bellevue University, Bellevue, Nebraska
GPA: 4.00/4.00
Dean’s Scholar

Graduated with Professional Honors

Associate of Applied Science in Communications Technology (20xx)
Community College of the Air Force
Numerous workshops, courses and seminars dealing with leadership development,
management, TQM, interpersonal communications, curriculum development and related topics
Department of Defense and Air Force Training Schools
Certified as Total Quality Management Facilitator
Qualified Master Air Training Command Instructor in Leadership and Management

WORK HISTORY
Various Positions of Increasing Responsibility and Leadership
United States Air Force (20xx to present)
 Currently serving as Squadron Operation Superintendent.
 Scheduled to leave the Air Force in September 20xx.

VOLUNTEER/COMMUNITY SERVICE
Coach, Youth Soccer, Bellevue Boys Club
Unit Coordinator, U.S. Savings Bond Drive

REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST

CHRONOLOGICAL (MANAGERIAL)
IM A. SAMPLE VI
2345 Frederick Street
Omaha, Nebraska 68123
(402) 489-3421
imasample6@xxx.com
PROFESSIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
 Extensive technical and management experience in information systems technology with a
solid academic background in computer information systems and business administration.
 Excellent communicator with strong leadership skills and the ability to build cohesive,
productive teams while fostering and encouraging creativity and individual expression.
 Areas of expertise:
Operations Management
Project Management
Quality Management
Mainframe & PC Operations
Software Development
Systems Design
Customer Relations
Technical Support
Troubleshooting
WORK EXPERIENCE
Supervisor, Financial Systems, Omaha Public Power District, Omaha NE (20xx to present)
Oversee the maintenance and enhancement of financial systems to ensure process integrity and
system stability for user areas.
Significant Accomplishments
 Managed the implementation of a major software upgrade, significantly increasing efficiency
in the use of accounts payable and purchasing systems.
 Converted contract and payee information from a third party system to an internal automated
system, resulting in approximately $72,000 in annual revenue for the organization.
 Developed a cohesive, productive work team of individuals from diverse areas of the
organization, utilizing strong interpersonal and leadership skills to foster and encourage
teamwork and cooperation among team members and with user areas.
 Utilized TQM principles to implement several internal process improvements that have
resulted in hundreds of time-saving hours annually.
 Promoted into management position after only six months as a Systems Analyst.
Programmer/Analyst, Bishop Clarkson Hospital, Omaha NE (20xx – 20xx)
Provided systems support and enhancements to user areas throughout the hospital.
Significant Accomplishments
 Developed and implemented an automated system for processing employee timesheets, thus
eliminating the need for handwritten timesheets.
 Researched, designed and developed a new software application now being used by
managers throughout the organization for strategic planning and reporting.
 Recognized as Information Systems Employee of the Year for the high quality of customer
service provided and the successful resolution of numerous systems problems.
Page One of Two

IM A. SAMPLE VI . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Page Two of Two
WORK EXPERIENCE (Continued)
Senior Computer Operator, Bergen Mercy Hospital, Omaha NE (20xx – 20xx)
 Supervised shift operations and staff, trained employees, developed work schedules and
monitored work performance.
 Operated IBM and Digital systems; identified and resolved problems to assure smooth and
efficient system operations.
EDUCATION
MBA with Concentration in Management Information Systems
Bellevue University, Bellevue NE
Expected Graduation: June 20xx
Bachelor of Science, Bellevue University, Bellevue NE (20xx)
Major: Computer Information Systems
Minor: Business Administration
GPA: 3.45/4.00
GPA in major: 4.00/4.00
Dean’s Scholar
Certificate in Computer Programming
Electronic Computer Programming Institute, Omaha NE (20xx)
TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS
C, C++, Visual Basic, COBOL
Windows 9x/200x/XP
Advanced Microcomputer Applications
UNIX/Linux
Management & Design of Database Systems
SQL
Relational Database Management
Microcomputer Graphics/Mapping
MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access)
REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST

CHRONOLOGICAL (GRADUATE ASSISTANTSHIP)
IM A. SAMPLE VII
4321 Country Club Road
Omaha, Nebraska 68123
(402) 555-9876
imasample7@xxx.com
OBJECTIVE
To obtain a Graduate Assistantship where strong academic background and excellent
communication skills can be utilized to help college students achieve their educational goals.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Arts, Bellevue University, Bellevue NE (20xx)
Majors: Psychology, Sociology
Graduated Summa Cum Laude
Dean’s Scholar
Relevant Coursework
Fundamentals of Guidance & Counseling
Psychological Assessment
Research Methods & Psychological Research

GPA: 4.00/4.00
National Dean’s List
Personality Theory
Learning Theory
Social Psychology

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Writing Tutor and Test Administrator, Bellevue University, Bellevue, NE (20xx – 20xx)
 Assisted in the preparation and administration of various assessment instruments, including
CLEP, DANTES and placement tests.
 Provided tutorial assistance to undergraduate and graduate students in the area of
writing/composition.
 Advised and assisted international students with writing assignments to help them strengthen
their English language skills.
Research Assistant, University of Nebraska Medical Center, Omaha, NE (Summer 20xx, 20xx)
 Assisted child psychologist in a two-part Summer Research Enrichment Program, including
observations of client behavior, data entry and preparation of research reports.
 Performed literature searches and prepared summary reports for a major research project
involving the study of individuals with disabilities.
COLLEGIATE HONORS AND ACTIVITIES
Listed in Who’s Who Among Students in American Colleges and Universities
Member, Pi Gamma Mu and Alpha Chi Honor Societies
President, Behavioral and Social Sciences Student Organization, Bellevue University
Volunteer Contributor, The VUE, Bellevue University Student Newspaper
Member, Bellevue University Student Advisory Council
LETTERS OF REFERENCE & TRANSCRIPT ENCLOSED

CHRONOLOGICAL (COMPUTER/TECHNICAL)

IM A. SAMPLE VIII
5432 North 97 Street
Omaha, Nebraska 68134
(402) 493-1234
imasample8@xxx.com
OBJECTIVE
Seeking position in Information Systems or related field utilizing solid academic background
along with exceptionally strong analytical, problem solving and customer service skills.
EDUCATION
BS in Computer Information Systems—Web-based Networking
Bellevue University, Bellevue NE
Expected Graduation Date: January 20xx
Dean’s Scholar
GPA to date: 3.86/4.00
Associate of Applied Science, Metropolitan Community College, Omaha NE (20xx)
Major: Management Information Systems
GPA: 3.45/4.00
TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS
Operating Systems: Windows 19xx/20xx/XP/NT, UNIX/Linux
Technical Support: Installation, Configuration & Troubleshooting of Hardware & Software
Languages: Visual Basic, C, C++, Visual C++, Java, HTML, XML, ASP.NET
Database Management: Relational Databases. SQL, PL/SQL, MS Access
Applications: MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), MS Project
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Computer Support Technician/Intern, Union Pacific Railroad, Omaha NE (Summer 20xx)
 Assisted in systems administration and configuration in UNIX and Windows NT.
 Installed and maintained local area networks, including Novell and Windows systems.
 Staffed Help Desk; analyzed and resolved system problems encountered by end users.
 Participated in the design and development of the department’s web site.
 Assisted with the maintenance of e-mail and other Internet applications.
Computer Lab Assistant, Bellevue University, Bellevue NE (20xx – 20xx)
 Provided advice and guidance to college students on the effective use of PCs and various
software applications.
COLLEGIATE ACTIVITIES
Volunteer Contributor, Bellevue University Computer Lab Newsletter
Member, Varsity Baseball Team, Bellevue University
REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST

FUNCTIONAL
IM A. SAMPLE IX
987 Northridge Drive
Omaha, Nebraska 68123
(402) 543-1234
imasample9@xxx.com
OBJECTIVE: Position in Human Resources Administration utilizing strong human relations,
customer service and problem solving skills.
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Analysis and Problem Solving
 Researched and developed a survey instrument, subsequently used to obtain
employee information on their satisfaction with the company’s employee relations
program.
 Compiled and analyzed statistical data to identify potential sources for use in
developing annual recruiting program.
 Completed independent research project on the impact of “family friendly” human
resources policies on employee retention.
 Conducted quality control inspections, analyzed results and developed action plans to
address areas of concern.
Communications and Customer Relations
 Provided orientation and training to new employees and advised them on the effective
handling of customer complaints.
 Greeted applicants, scheduled interviews, conducted reference checks and
participated in on-campus recruiting activities and career fairs.
 Received Customer Service Satisfaction Award for high quality of services provided
to both vendors and customers.
 Handled customer inquiries and sales; effectively represented company to vendors
and prospective customers, resulting in a 15% increase in just six months.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Bellevue University, Bellevue, NE (In Progress)
 Major: Psychology
Minor: Communication Arts
 Expected Graduation: August 20xx
 GPA to date: 3.98/4.00
Dean’s Scholar
Associate of Arts, Iowa Western Community College, Council Bluffs, IA (20xx)
 Area of Emphasis: Business Administration
WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior Sales Associate, Precision Tool, Omaha, NE (20xx to present)
Human Resources Intern, Oriental Trading, Omaha, NE (Spring Semester 20xx)
REFERENCES FURNISHED UPON REQUEST

CHRONOLOGICAL (HUMAN/SOCIAL SERVICE)
IM A. SAMPLE X
3083 North South Street, Apt. A-1
Grand Island, Nebraska 68803

(308) 308-3083
imasample10@xxxx.net

OBJECTIVE
Seeking Position in Human/Social Service Administration or related field utilizing strong academic
background, experience and excellent interpersonal skills

EDUCATION
BS in Human & Social Service Administration, Bellevue University, Bellevue, NE (Jan 20xx)
 Dean’s Scholar
GPA: 3.81/4.00
AAS in Human Services (Dec 19xx), 75-Hr Basic Nursing Assistant Program (Jan 20xx)
Central Community College—Hastings Campus, Hastings, NE

WORK HISTORY
Day Rehabilitation Specialist, Greater NE Goodwill Industries, Grand Island, NE (June 20xx – Present)
 Manage a caseload of twenty consumers, assist them in setting and reaching individual plans
 Facilitate group sessions on Mental Illness, Stress Management and Healthy Relationships
 Plan and implement social activities for consumers
 Coordinate and conduct team meetings
 Process billings, manage petty cash fund, and oversee operations in supervisor’s absence
Assistant Receptionist, Tiffany Square Care Center, Grand Island, NE (Jan – June 20xx)
 Arranged and facilitated weekend activities for residents
 Contacted families to set up dates and times to review and discuss care plans
 Delivered and read mail to residents, providing companionship and social interaction
 Filed confidential paperwork and provided receptionist/administrative support for the Center
Employment Trainer, Central NE Goodwill Industries, Grand Island, NE (Aug 19xx – May 20xx)
 Managed a caseload of twenty consumers and provided on-the-job coaching to help them succeed
 Conducted group job search training sessions and assisted consumers with completion of job
applications, cover letters and resumes
Criminal Justice/Shelter Advocate, Crisis Center Inc & Family Violence Coalition, Grand Island, NE
(July 20xx – Oct 20xx)
 Responded to crisis calls and provided support to victims of domestic abuse
 Completed paperwork to document circumstances surrounding alleged abuse for judicial review
Social Services Assistant, Tiffany Square Care Center, Grand Island, NE (Jan 20xx – Sept 20xx)
 Conducted tours, provided orientation and general assistance for new residents
 Completed social histories, inventoried clothing, and met one-on-one with residents to help them
understand their rights and responsibilities
 Assisted the Center in meeting critical staffing needs during peak times by working as a certified
nursing assistant, dietary aide, receptionist and van driver

COMMUNITY SERVICE
Volunteer, Women’s Health Services, Grand Island, NE (Fall 20xx – present)
 Assisted professional staff and participated in one-on-one discussions with women seeking advice
on health-related issues
 Observed group training sessions to develop the skills needed to facilitate groups in the future

