SUMMARY
Electrical Engineer with 7+ years of diverse experience in RF, Microwave, and Optical design,
implementation, verification, and manufacturing at the board and system level. Goal is to use
these experiences to find a position as an RF Engineer in the Dallas / Fort Worth area.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Current Employer, 2007-Current
RF Design Engineer – RF Over Fiber Systems (May 07 – Current)
 Responsible for the Design, Manufacture, and Verification of RF-Optical-RF Links up to
22 GHz
o Specified, designed, implemented, and verified a secure IF and pulsed RF
distribution system that allowed a government customer to send signals from a
control room to roof-mount antennas.
o Lead engineer on several antenna remoting systems for defense contractors that
required RF and optical AGC loops as part of various RF-Optical-RF paths, as
well as a microcontroller and ethernet device to report health information via
SNMP or telnet.
o Created firmware requirements, devised system test procedures, identified test
equipment requirements, authored user manuals, and supported customers after
systems were deployed as part of the above projects.
o Evaluated and tested the validity of customer requests for new systems. This
included recommending new board designs, adjusting the frequency response or
other parameters of existing designs, changing components, and investigating
unique specifications and test requirements.
o Current projects include simulating AGC loops using EDA software and
designing a second and third order predistorter to reduce intermodulation.
Harris Microwave / Harris Stratex Networks – San Antonio, Texas, 2003-2007
Product Engineer 6-38 GHz Point-to-Point Microwave Radios (Aug 05 – May 07)
 Led two Work Cell Teams responsible for sustaining the production of a Frequency
Synthesizer / Frequency Multiplier Card and an IF Mixer Card
o Analyzed test station data to identify and correct design issues with circuits,
software, test stations, suppliers, etc. on a high volume production line.
o Identified and corrected issues from post-SMT validation testing.
 Served as team lead for a DOE to eliminate Flux contamination underneath VCOs on
PLL circuits. The DOE resulted in a change in the PCB build process that drastically
decreased system sync losses caused by phase noise issues over temperature
o Identified the need to individually test each PLL over temperature. Established
test requirements for the PLLs and managed the test station build and installation.
o Used a year of lessons learned to develop a new model of the IF Mixer card that
improved functional test yield from 75% to 95%.
 Modified a passband ripple test with poor yield due to the calibration
capabilities of the VNA used in the test station.
Support Engineer 6-38 GHz Point-to-Point Microwave Radios (Aug 04 – Aug 05)
 Validated the technical correctness of all engineering change orders from the component
through the system level prior to introduction to volume manufacturing
 Acted as Transition Manager for changing PCBA Contract Manufacturers on an entire
high volume RF product line
o Received the Harris Excellence Award for individual contributions to the
success of this project.

NPI Value Engineer 6-38 GHz Point-to-Point Microwave Radios (Aug 03 – Aug 04)
 Led numerous pilots to introduce enhancements, redesigns, and cost reductions to
existing and new products into high volume manufacturing
 Led DFx efforts on new digital and RF designs

Motorola – Global Telecom Solutions Sector – Fort Worth, Texas, 1997-2001
RF Development Engineer Cellular Base Station Development Team (June 99 – Dec 01)





Owned several active and passive RF designs used in 800 MHz to 1.9 GHz CDMA
Cellular Base Stations
o Created and simulated designs using EESOF, modified layouts using Mentor
Graphics, created prototype boards, oversaw proto and production builds,
identified test requirements, developed manufacturing tests, evaluated
performance trends using Six Sigma analysis, and troubleshot defects.
o Designs included PCB based RF splitters, combiners, and active switching
matrices as well as waveguide directional couplers, duplexers, and filters.
Evaluated low-loss PCB materials and their effects on the designs referenced above
Led a team that developed system-level RF performance tests to ensure that thirdgeneration WCDMA base stations met 3GPP standards

RF Engineering Intern Cellular Base Station Development Team (Summer of 97 & 98)








Developed and implemented a test fixture backplane to automate testing of an RF
switching matrix consisting of several active RF switches and transmission lines

TECHNICAL SUMMARY
Highly proficient with RF test equipment including network analyzers, signal generators,
spectrum analyzers, CDMA test sets, and power meters
Experienced with optical test equipment including optical power meters, wavelength meters,
optical spectrum analyzers, and optical network analyzers
Broad knowledge of RF, microwave, and optical circuit and system level performance
parameters and design
Daily interaction with a wide range of components such as mixers, filters, oscillators, DACs,
ADCs, duplexers, amplifiers, attenuators, detectors, laser, photodiodes, Ethernet devices, etc.
Computer experience includes circuit, board, and system level schematic, simulation, and
layout tools ADS, Orcad, Microwave Office, AppCAD, and Mentor Graphics; Statistical
analysis software JMP, document control software Agile
EDUCATION
Georgia Institute of Technology
Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering, August 2003
Bachelor of Electrical Engineering, with Highest Honors, June 1999





Emphasis: RF/Microwave Circuits and Systems, Telecommunications Theory
Cumulative (Combined) GPA: 3.7/4.0
Graduate Coursework included Microwave Design, Electronic Oscillators, Frequency
Synthesizers, Satellite Communications Systems, and Wireless IC Design
Received an Outstanding Teaching Assistant Award for the School of ECE in 2003

